Add a optional ttlSecondsAfterFinished field to scans to cleanup finished scans #2293 (#2631)
secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox: documentation/docs/api/crds/scan.md

    cpu: 4
    memory: 4Gi
```
### TTLSecondsAfterFinished
`ttlSecondsAfterFinished` deletes the scan after a specified duration.

```yaml

> TTLSecondsAfterFinished: 30 #deletes the scan after 30 seconds after completion

Reviewer: The example should not be capitalized

```suggestion
ttlSecondsAfterFinished: 30 #deletes the scan after 30 seconds after completion
```

```

> :::note
> TTLSecondsAfterFinished can also be set for the scanner or parser jobs individually (e.g [ScanType Custom Resource](
> /docs/contributing/integrating-a-scanner/values.yaml)). This will only deleted the job not the entire scan. 
> :::

Reviewer: rephrased it a bit and tried to make it clearer where the ttl is set for scanner, parser and hook job and like the their respective api docs. the integrating-a-scanner link seemed confusing as this is the doc for implementing a new scanner while this is more of the end user / api doc.

```suggestion
:::note
ttlSecondsAfterFinished can also be set for the scan (as part of the [jobTemplate](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/api/crds/scan-type#jobtemplate-required)), [parser](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/api/crds/parse-definition) and [hook](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/api/crds/scan-completion-hook#ttlsecondsafterfinished-optional) jobs individually. Setting these will only deleted the jobs not the entire scan. 
:::
```
